README.md, before:

# Traefik on Google Cloud Kubernetes Engine with Terraform

This is a based on https://github.com/SantoDE/terraform-gcp-kubernetes-traefik

## Requirements
* Google Cloud Account
* gcloud SDK installed
* GCP Project with Billing and Compute Engine Enabled
* Terraform
* kubectx and kubens (optional)

An example of how to deploy a cluster on GCP using:
* Terraform
* Kubernetes
* Namespace
* Traefik
    - SSL (coming soon)

## Steps

### Setup CLI
```
gcloud init
gcloud auth application-default login
export GOOGLE_PROJECT=$(gcloud config get-value project)
```

### Edit Files

As of RBAC Constraints on GKE, it's necessary to edit one file. 

[permissions.yml](services/traefik/01_permissions.yml)

You need to insert your gpc email account.

```
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: User
  name: <your_gcp_account_email>
```

### Create Cluster
```
terraform init
terraform apply
```

### Setup Kubectl
```
gcloud container clusters get-credentials $(terraform output cluster_name) --zone $(terraform output cluster_zone)
```

### Spawn Namespace
```
kubectl apply -f services/namespace.yml
```

### Spawn Traefik as Ingress Controller
<!-- name space embedded -->
```
kubectl apply -f services/traefik
```

### Spawn Demo Services
```
kubectl apply -f services/whoami --namespace=terrifik
kubectl apply -f services/nginx --namespace=terrifik
```

### Destroy Cluster
```
terraform destroy
```

Commit message:

Adding Tutorial to the Readme

README.md, after:

# Traefik on Google Cloud Kubernetes Engine with Terraform

This is a based on a tutorial that you can fint at:

[Traefik on a Google Kubernetes Engine Cluster managed by Terraform](https://medium.com/google-cloud/traefik-on-a-google-kubernetes-engine-cluster-managed-by-terraform-ad871be8ee26)

https://github.com/SantoDE/terraform-gcp-kubernetes-traefik

## Requirements
* Google Cloud Account
* gcloud SDK installed
* GCP Project with Billing and Compute Engine Enabled
* Terraform
* kubectx and kubens (optional)

An example of how to deploy a cluster on GCP using:
* Terraform
* Kubernetes
* Namespace
* Traefik
    - SSL (coming soon)

## Steps

### Setup CLI
```
gcloud init
gcloud auth application-default login
export GOOGLE_PROJECT=$(gcloud config get-value project)
```

### Edit Files

As of RBAC Constraints on GKE, it's necessary to edit one file. 

[permissions.yml](services/traefik/01_permissions.yml)

You need to insert your gpc email account.

```
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: User
  name: <your_gcp_account_email>
```

### Create Cluster
```
terraform init
terraform apply
```

### Setup Kubectl
```
gcloud container clusters get-credentials $(terraform output cluster_name) --zone $(terraform output cluster_zone)
```

### Spawn Namespace
```
kubectl apply -f services/namespace.yml
```

### Spawn Traefik as Ingress Controller
<!-- name space embedded -->
```
kubectl apply -f services/traefik
```

### Spawn Demo Services
```
kubectl apply -f services/whoami --namespace=terrifik
kubectl apply -f services/nginx --namespace=terrifik
```

### Destroy Cluster
```
terraform destroy
```
